What exactly is CSS stand for? a) Cascading Style Sheets (CSS) b) Computer Style Sheets (CSS) c) Creative Style Sheets (CSS) d) Combined Style Sheets
What programming language is used in web development? a) Java b) Python c) HTML d) C++
In programming, what is the purpose of a conditional statement? a) run a block of code b) run a block of code c) To define a function d) declare variable 
What is a programming loop? a)code that is only run b) code that is performed repeatedly c) A code section d) A code section that declares a variable
What is the abbreviation for SQL? a) Standard Query Language b) Structured Query Language c) Simple Query Language  d) Scalable Query Language 
Which of the following programming languages is often used to create mobile applications? a) HTML b) Python c) Swift d) PHP
What exactly is a database management system? A) MySQL b) HTML c) CSS d) JavaScript
In programming, what is the function of a variable? a)save a value for subsequent usage b) run a block of code c) run a piece of coded) define a function 
Which of the following is a front-end programming language example? a) Python b) HTML c) Java d) Ruby
What is the function of an API in programming? a)Allowing software systems b)data in a database c)a block of code d)that may be invoked later
Which of the following is a back-end programming language? a) HTML b) CSS c) Ruby d) JavaScript Solution c) Ruby
What is the function's purpose in programming? a)carry out activity b)store data in a database c)software systems to connect with one another d)define
Which of the following is not a text editor? a) Visual Studio Code b) Photoshop c) Illustrator d) InDesign 
What does a compiler do in programming? a)Converting human-readable code b)data in a database c)software systems to connect d) may be executed later
Which of the following is a well-known JavaScript library? a) React b) Angular c) Vue.js d) All of the preceding
Which of the following is a programming paradigm example? a) Object-oriented programming b) procedural programming c) functional programming d) all 
Which of the following describes a web server? a) Apache b) MySQL c) MongoDB d) Redis
What is function of a programming module? a)group together code b)store data in a database c)software systems to interact d)function invoked later.
Which of the following is a type of version control system? a) Git b) MySQL c) MongoDB d) Redis
What does a package manager do in programming? a)manage project dependencies b)store data in a database c)allow it d)execute block of code if true.
Which of the following is a prominent Python web framework? a) Django b) Ruby on Rails d) Flask c) Express.js
In OOP, what is the function of a constructor? a)Creating new class b)Executing a piece of code c)Repeating block of code d)function invoked later
Which of the following is a popular front-end JavaScript framework? a) React b) Angular c) Vue.js d) Express.js.
In programming, what is the function of a while loop? a) Repetition of code b) Execution of code c)function that can be called later d)Variable
Which of the following is not a popular PHP web framework? a) Django c) Ruby on Rails c) Laravel d) The flask
In programming,what is the function of a try-catch block? a)To deal with exceptions b)run a block of code c)define function d)declare variable utilized.
Which of the following is an example of a widely used text editor for coding? a) Sublime Text b) Photoshop c) Illustrator d) InDesign
In OOP, what is the purpose of a method? a)perform a specific job b)store data in a database c)enable various software systems d)declare a variable that
Which of the following is a well-known back-end JavaScript framework? a) Angular b) React c) tVue.js e) Node.js
In programming, what is the purpose of a data structure?a)Organize and store data b)Execute a code c)function called later d) variable that may be used.
 