1. Course: Introduction to Psychology
   Assignment: Research Paper on Cognitive Psychology
   Notification: The deadline for submitting your research paper on Cognitive Psychology is approaching. Make sure to complete and upload your assignment on the university's learning management system by 11:59 PM on Friday, September 15th.

2. Course: Calculus I
   Assignment: Problem Set 4 - Applications of Derivatives
   Notification: The fourth problem set on Applications of Derivatives has been posted. You are required to complete and submit the assignment before the start of the next lecture on Tuesday, October 5th.

3. Course: History of Ancient Civilizations
   Assignment: Archaeological Site Analysis
   Notification: Attention students! Your Archaeological Site Analysis assignment is due in two days. Please submit your work to the professor's mailbox in the history department office by 4:00 PM on Wednesday, November 22nd.

4. Course: Introduction to Computer Science
   Assignment: Programming Project - Web Development
   Notification: A new programming project on Web Development has been assigned. You must form groups and submit your project proposal to the instructor by 11:59 PM on Sunday, December 3rd.

5. Course: Business Ethics
   Assignment: Case Study Analysis - Ethical Dilemmas in Corporations
   Notification: The Case Study Analysis on Ethical Dilemmas in Corporations is now available. You have until 11:59 PM on Monday, January 10th, to submit your written analysis via the online submission portal.

6. Course: Environmental Science
   Assignment: Field Research Report - Biodiversity Assessment
   Notification: Attention students enrolled in Environmental Science! The deadline for submitting your Field Research Report on Biodiversity Assessment is extended to 4:00 PM on Friday, March 2nd, due to unforeseen circumstances.

7. Course: Literature and Society
   Assignment: Book Review - Modern Literary Classics
   Notification: Your Book Review assignment on Modern Literary Classics is due on Thursday, April 20th. Don't forget to include proper citations and references.

8. Course: Organic Chemistry II
   Assignment: Laboratory Experiment - Synthesis of Aspirin
   Notification: Please be informed that the Organic Chemistry II Laboratory Experiment on the Synthesis of Aspirin will be conducted on Monday, May 15th, during the regular lab session.

9. Course: International Relations
   Assignment: Policy Analysis - Global Climate Change
   Notification: The Policy Analysis assignment on Global Climate Change has been updated with additional resources. Make sure to integrate these new materials into your analysis, due by 11:59 PM on Monday, June 5th.

10. Course: Media Studies
    Assignment: Multimedia Presentation - Social Media Influence
    Notification: Attention Media Studies students! Your Multimedia Presentation on Social Media Influence is scheduled for Thursday, July 10th. Be prepared to present your findings and engage in a Q&A session with your peers.